README.md, before:

# ronin-repos

[![CI](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/actions/workflows/ruby.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/actions/workflows/ruby.yml)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ronin-rb/ronin-repos.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ronin-rb/ronin-repos)

* [Website](https://ronin-rb.dev)
* [Source](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos)
* [Issues](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/issues)
* [Documentation](https://ronin-rb.dev/docs/ronin-repos/frames)
* [Slack](https://ronin-rb.slack.com) |
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/6WAb3PsVX9) |
  [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ronin_rb)

## Description

ronin-repos provides a repository system for installing, managing, and accessing
third-party git repositories, which can contain code or other data.

## Features

* Supports installing any [Git][git] repository.
* Manages installed repositories.

## Synopsis

Install a repository:

    $ ronin-repos install https://github.com/...

List installed Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos ls

Update all installed Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos update

Update a specific Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos update NAME

Uninstall a specific Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos rm repo-name

Delete all repositories:

    $ ronin-repos purge

## Examples

```ruby
require 'ronin/repos'

Ronin::Repos.find_file('wordlists/wordlist.txt')
# => "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/foo-repo/wordlists/wordlist.txt"

Rnnin::Repos.glob("wordlists/*.txt")
# => ["/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/foo-repo/wordlists/cities.txt",
#     "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/foo-repo/wordlists/states.txt",
#     "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/bar-repo/wordlists/bands.txt",
#     "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/bar-repo/wordlists/beers.txt"]
```

## Requirements

* [Ruby] >= 2.7.0
* [ronin-core] ~> 0.1

## Install

    $ gem install ronin-repos

### Gemfile

    gem 'ronin-repos', '~> 0.1'

## Development

1. [Fork It!](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/fork)
2. Clone It!
3. `cd ronin-repos`
4. `bundle install`
5. `git checkout -b my_feature`
6. Code It!
7. `bundle exec rake spec`
8. `git push origin my_feature`

## License

Copyright (c) 2021 Hal Brodigan (postmodern.mod3 at gmail.com)

This file is part of ronin-repos.

Ronin is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Ronin is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Ronin.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[Ruby]: https://www.ruby-lang.org
[git]: https://git-scm.com/
[ronin-core]: https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-core#readme

Commit message:

Mention that ronin-repos is part of the ronin-rb project.

README.md, after:

# ronin-repos

[![CI](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/actions/workflows/ruby.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/actions/workflows/ruby.yml)
[![Code Climate](https://codeclimate.com/github/ronin-rb/ronin-repos.svg)](https://codeclimate.com/github/ronin-rb/ronin-repos)

* [Website](https://ronin-rb.dev)
* [Source](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos)
* [Issues](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/issues)
* [Documentation](https://ronin-rb.dev/docs/ronin-repos/frames)
* [Slack](https://ronin-rb.slack.com) |
  [Discord](https://discord.gg/6WAb3PsVX9) |
  [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ronin_rb)

## Description

ronin-repos provides a repository system for installing, managing, and accessing
third-party git repositories, which can contain code or other data.

ronin-repos is part of the [ronin-rb] project, a toolkit for security research
and development.

## Features

* Supports installing any [Git][git] repository.
* Manages installed repositories.

## Synopsis

Install a repository:

    $ ronin-repos install https://github.com/...

List installed Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos ls

Update all installed Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos update

Update a specific Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos update NAME

Uninstall a specific Repositories:

    $ ronin-repos rm repo-name

Delete all repositories:

    $ ronin-repos purge

## Examples

```ruby
require 'ronin/repos'

Ronin::Repos.find_file('wordlists/wordlist.txt')
# => "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/foo-repo/wordlists/wordlist.txt"

Rnnin::Repos.glob("wordlists/*.txt")
# => ["/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/foo-repo/wordlists/cities.txt",
#     "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/foo-repo/wordlists/states.txt",
#     "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/bar-repo/wordlists/bands.txt",
#     "/home/user/.cache/ronin-repos/bar-repo/wordlists/beers.txt"]
```

## Requirements

* [Ruby] >= 2.7.0
* [ronin-core] ~> 0.1

## Install

    $ gem install ronin-repos

### Gemfile

    gem 'ronin-repos', '~> 0.1'

## Development

1. [Fork It!](https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-repos/fork)
2. Clone It!
3. `cd ronin-repos`
4. `bundle install`
5. `git checkout -b my_feature`
6. Code It!
7. `bundle exec rake spec`
8. `git push origin my_feature`

## License

Copyright (c) 2021 Hal Brodigan (postmodern.mod3 at gmail.com)

This file is part of ronin-repos.

Ronin is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

Ronin is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with Ronin.  If not, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

[ronin-rb]: https://ronin-rb.dev/

[Ruby]: https://www.ruby-lang.org
[git]: https://git-scm.com/
[ronin-core]: https://github.com/ronin-rb/ronin-core#readme
